Excellent.
We now know general naming conventions so let's start looking at box properties one by one.
Generally we can divide plex market properties into categories properties that affect all children and
our set in a flux container or a parent element and the properties that affect individual child and
are set to flex items separately meaning children separately.
And we're going to cover parent properties first.
Essentially properties that affect the layout of all children in our Flex container or a parent and
the first property we're going to cover is going to be flex direction and it comes in multiple flavors.
We have an option of rule which by the way is the default one.
Then we have reverse value column as well as column reverse.
So let's start one by one.
First one we're going to cover Israel and I'm going to write the Flex direction.
That is the property name and again please remember that these particular properties that we're going
to cover first.
And of course I'm going to mention once we switch with these particular properties are set on the parent
always always they are set on the parent.
And like I said first when we have the role and the moment we save it we notice that nothing changes.
And the reason why nothing changes.
Well like I said there are some properties with some values that are set right away by default.
And this is the case more flex direction is right away cetera.
So only if I'm going to change it and you know what.
By the way I'm going to leave it for your reference for the time being.
And we're going to change it to a real reverse.
So let's write little reverse and notice right away how are boxes changed in fact the direction.
Correct.
Because in this case they were actually starting with one and all the way to the five.
Well in this case we flipped them where where we had five before.
Well first of all we have one and one is all the way on the right hand side.
So reverse the order of our boxes as well as move them from one side which was the left side all the
way to a right side.
All right.
That's number one.
Then we also have a column.
So let me copy and paste this first and then let's comment is out and let's write column and what you're
going to notice is the moment we type column.
In fact we go to our first layout that we had when we had the setup.
So essentially we just head over back and instead of having a row which would be default.
Well now we have a column layout and you can probably already guess that if I'm going to copy and paste
it and not columns then let's copy and paste it and let's come in the south and let's try it.
Column reverse you can probably already guessed that what is going to happen while our boxes are going
to change order again where where we have a box number one.
Currently we have box number five and we have successfully flipped the boxes pretty much around.
OK.
Now again since we are right away using row by default in most cases what's gonna happen if I specifically
don't say that I'm adding the flux direction of let's say row.
Well I'm just gonna go with default because there's really no point.
There's of course other properties that we can set.
We're not limited to this one flex direction but in most cases what you're going to see is the moment
we set flex.
Only if we would like to override this particular default let's say to a row reverse or column or column
reverse we're just going to leave it the way it is right.
That's the whole point of having those defaults where I could just go with the flex then I right have
right away this flex direction of row and unless I specifically would like to change it.
Well I'm just going to leave it blank correct because there there's no way for me or there's no point
really for me to write this flux direction of row because nothing is going to change in my layout.